{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helv{\*\falt Arial};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}{
\s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 footnote text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}}{\info{\title Uppmem additional help pages, the ones listed in Uppmem}{\author user}{\operator user}
{\creatim\yr1999\mo2\dy1\hr11\min44}{\revtim\yr1999\mo2\dy3\hr16\min36}{\version42}{\edmins342}{\nofpages27}{\nofwords3544}{\nofchars20205}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws24813}{\vern71}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {Uppmem Help files:
\par 
\par Do all the editing with the Mac.
\par Find every instance of "<< ... >>" and add the specific context.
\par Cut and paste everything in this file to the end of AfxCore.rtf
\par Recompile the help files, and test them.
\par 
\par Jumping to page names should be doublely underlined
\par words after a double underlined word should have hidden format
\par # footnote is for page name for jumping purposes
\par K footnote is for keywords
\par $ footnote is for a topic name
\par 
\par 
\par }{\f9 \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ menu_model}} ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super $}{ Model modelling}}}{\b\f9 
Model Menu Commands
\par }{\f9 
\par The Model menu offers the following options:
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx1530\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9\uldb Mechanistic...}{\f9 HID_MODEL_MECH\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 Opens the Mechanistic modelling dialogue box.\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx1530\clvertalt\cltxlrtb 
\cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9\uldb Empirical...}{\f9 HID_MODEL_EMP\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 Opens the Empirical modelling dialogue boxes.\cell 
}\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9\uldb Design Plant...}{\f9 HID_MODEL_DESIGN\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 
Opens the Design Plant dialogue box (not yet implemented).\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx1530\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain 
\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9\uldb Run Plant...}{\f9 HID_MODEL_RUN\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 Opend the Run Plant dialogue box (not yet implemented).\cell }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f9 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 
\par \page }{\cs17\b\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ HID_MODEL_MECH}}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super $}{ Mechanistic}}}{\b\f9 
Mechanistic Command (Model Menu)
\par }{\f9 
\par This command will open up the }{\f9\uldb Mechanistic}{\f9 menu_Mech dialogue box.  It can be selected from the menu bar under Model > Mechanistic..., or by cl
icking on the toolbar button with the two gears.  From here, the user can estimate membrane performance with little initial information.
\par 
\par 
\par How do I:
\par }{\f9\uldb Model a membrane?}{\f9 menu_model
\par }{\f9\uldb Select a membrane?}{\f9 menu_PickMem
\par }{\f9\uldb Pick a flux model?}{\f9 menu_PickModel
\par 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ HID_MODEL_EMP}}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super $}{ Empirical}}}{\b\f9 Empirical 
Command (Model Menu)}{\f9 
\par 
\par This command opens the Pick Empirical Flux Model dialogue box, and begins the process of prompting the user for experimental data.  The computer will then use this data to predict the performance of the membrane the user selects.  Thi
s command can be selected from the menu bar with Model > Empirical... or by clicking the button on the toolbar with the picture of the test tube.
\par 
\par After selecting an }{\f9\uldb empirical flux model}{\f9 menu_PickModel, the user must }{\f9\uldb select a membrane}{\f9 menu_PreDefMem, then }{\f9\uldb enter empirical data}{\f9 menu_EmpEnter.  Finally, the user can alter the model coefficients, and }{
\f9\uldb predict membrane performance}{\f9 menu_Emp.
\par 
\par 
\par How do I:
\par }{\f9\uldb Model a membrane?}{\f9 menu_model
\par }{\f9\uldb Select a membrane?}{\f9 menu_PreDefMem
\par }{\f9\uldb Pick a flux model?}{\f9 menu_PickModel
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ HID_MODEL_DESIGN}}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super $}{ Plant Design}}}{\b\f9 
Design Plant Option (Model Menu)}{\f9 
\par 
\par This feature is not yet implemented into Uppmem.
\par 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ HID_MODEL_RUN}}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super $}{ Run Plant}}}{\b\f9 
Run Plant Option (Model Menu)}{\f9 
\par 
\par This feature is not yet implemented into Uppmem.
\par 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ menu_PickModel}}}{\b\f9 General Model Information}{\f9 
\par 
\par Several kinds of flux models exist, some are empirical, some are mechanisti
c.  Empirical models require experimental data in order to predict membrane flux, and the model coefficients.  Mechanistic models require little, if any, experimental data, but their predictions are less accurate.  Empirical models are very accurate for p
redicting membrane performance when the operating conditions are similar to the experimental conditions, but their reliability when one changes several operating conditions is unknown.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Short Summary of Mechanistic Models:
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx1620\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9\uldb Memsys}{\f9 menu_MechMemsys\cell This models only requires the parameters presented in the }{\f9\uldb 
Mechanistic}{\f9 menu_Mech dialogue box.  It is accurate for dilute suspensions of non-interacting particles of any size, in a wide pressure and velocity range.\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd 
\trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx1620\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9\uldb SE Model}{\f9 menu_MechSE\cell This models only requires the parameters presented in the }{
\f9\uldb Mechanistic}{\f9 menu_Mech dialogue box.  It is accurate for suspensions of non-interacting particles in a wide pressure and velocity range.\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain 
\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9\uldb Gel Polarization}{\f9 menu_MechGel\cell This model requires the data in the }{\f9\uldb Mechanistic}{\f9 menu_Mech dialogue box, and some from the }{\f9\uldb Additional Parameters}{\f9 
menu_AddMemParam dialogue box.  It is accurate for high pressure, high concentration suspensions of small particles.\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb 
\cellx1620\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9\uldb Resistance}{\f9 menu_MechRes\cell This model requires the data in the }{\f9\uldb Mechanistic}{\f9 menu_Mech dialogue box,
 and some from the }{\f9\uldb Additional Parameters}{\f9 menu_AddMemParam dialogue box.  It is accurate for a wide pressure range.\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain 
\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 
\par 
\par 
\par Short Summary of Empirical Models:
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx1890\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9\uldb Surface Renewal}{\f9 menu_EmpSurf\cell 
This model predicts time-dependant fouling, and requires the entry of two data sets in the form of flux vs. time.\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx1890
\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9\uldb Fouling Resistance}{\f9 menu_EmpFoul\cell 
This model predicts the effects of specific kinds of fouling, and it requires the entry of three data sets in the form of flux vs. pressure.\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain 
\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9\uldb Gel Polarization}{\f9 menu_EmpGel\cell This model works best for high pressure, high concentration suspensions, and it requires one data set in the form of flux vs. concentration..
\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx1890\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9\uldb Resistance}{\f9 
menu_EmpRes}{\cell }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 This model works well under a wide pressure range, and it requires one data set in the form of flux vs. pressure.\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 
\par 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ menu_MechSE}}}{\f9  }{\b\f9 Song and Elimelech Model}{\f9 
\par 
\par This model implements a mass and energy balance to determine the effects of concentration polarization and cake layer formation, and when each individual phenomena occurs.  This model is similar to a resistance mode
l, and it will not predict fouling effects.  It is also insensitive to the size of the pore in the membrane.  This model assumes hard, spherical, non-interacting particles are present in the solution, for purposes of simplification, so it will not be vali
d for most applications.  However, it will yield a good estimate of concentration polarization and cake layer effects.  If these are the most significant flux reducing mechanisms, then this model should work adequately.
\par 
\par The model is presented in the journal article:
\par 
\par }{\f9\fs24 Song, L. and M. Elimelech, }{\i\f9\fs24 Theory of Concentration Polarization in Crossflow Filtration.}{\f9\fs24  J. Chem. Soc. Faraday Trans., 1995. }{\b\f9\fs24 91}{\f9\fs24 (19): p. 3389-3398.}{\f9 
\par 
\par Some modifications to this model were made.  First, an iterative loop was included to account fo
r the recirculation of retentate back into the feed stream.  Second, the authors assume the pressure drop across the membrane itself is negligable when compared to the pressure drop across the polarization layer.  For some extreme cases this is not true, 
so an initial pressure drop of zero is assumed, and if the calculated flux is too high
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ menu_MechMemsys}}}{\b\f9 Memsys Model}{\f9 
\par 
\par This model assumes that Brownian diffusion and Shear-Induced diffusion act in concert to move particles away from the membrane surface.  It assumes stagn
ant and flowing particle layers on the membrane surface, with a thickness dependant on the solute concentration, and the effects of diffusion.  The specific resistance of these layers is determined just by the particle size.
\par 
\par This model is only valid in la
minar flow conditions, and in low concentration suspensions.  Neither fouling nor time-dependant effects are included.  It also assumes that the buildup of particles on the membrane surface is small when compared to the channel radius.
\par 
\par The model is presented in the thesis:
\par 
\par }{\f9\fs24 Sethi, S., }{\i\f9\fs24 Performance and Cost Modeling of Low-Pressure Membrane Filtration Processes}{\f9\fs24 , in }{\i\f9\fs24 Environmental Science and Engineering}{\f9\fs24 . 1994, Rice University: Houston. p. 174.}{\f9 
\par 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ menu_MechGel}}}{\b\f9 Mechanistic Gel Polarization Model}{\f9 
\par 
\par This model is based on the familiar gel layer model for flux prediction:
\par 
\par J = k * ln [(Cg - Cp)/(Cb - Cp)]
\par 
\par Where J is the flux, k is the mass transfer coefficient, Cg is the concentration of the gel layer that forms on the membrane, Cb is the "bulk" concentration of the solute, and Cp is the concentration of solute in the permeate stream.
\par 
\par This model is only valid when the gel layer forms, which requires high pressures and high concentrations.  There is no pressure dependance  in this model - k is a function mostly of tube geometry
, velocity, temperature, and particle size, while Cg is unchanging for a particular solute.
\par 
\par This model is presented in many articles, most notably in:
\par 
\par }{\f9\fs24 Porter, M.C., }{\i\f9\fs24 Concentration Polarization with Membrane Ultrafiltration.}{\f9\fs24  Ind. Eng. Chem. Prod. Res. Develop., 1972. }{\b\f9\fs24 11}{\f9\fs24 (3): p. 234-245.}{\f9 
\par 
\par For laminar flow situations (Re < 10,000), k is determined with the Leveque correlation.  For high turbulence situations (Re > 100,000), k is determined with the Dittus-Boelter correlation.  For mid range turbulence, k is de
termined with the Chilton-Colburn correlation.  These correlations can be found in:
\par 
\par }{\f9\fs24 Gekas, V. and B. Hallstrom, }{\i\f9\fs24 Mass Transfer in the Membrane Concentration Polarization Layer Under Turbulent Cross Flow, I. Critical Literature Review and Adaptation of Existing Sherwood Correlations to Membrane Operations.}{
\f9\fs24  Journal of Membrane Science, 1987(30): p. 153-170.}{\f9 
\par 
\par To measure the bulk concentration, the membrane was discretized into 100 units, and a mass balance was performed in each unit to determine how the concen
tration increases as permeate flows through the membrane.  To account for permeate concentration, 90% rejection of the solute by the membrane was assumed. Also, an iterative loop was included to account for the recirculation of retentate back into the fee
d stream.
\par 
\par 
\par How do I:
\par }{\f9\uldb Pick a gel concentration?}{\f9 menu_GelParam
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ }{\f9 menu_MechRes}}}{\b\f9 Mechanistic Resistance Model}{\f9 
\par 
\par This model is based on the familiar resistance model:
\par 
\par J = P / u*(Rm + Rf + P*Rop)
\par 
\par Where J is the flux, P is the transmembrane pressure, u is the absolute viscosi
ty of the solution, Rm is the membrane resistance, Rf is the resistance of the "fouling" layer, and Rop is the pressure dependant "operational" resistance.  This model works in a wide pressure range, however the values for Rf and Rop must be fixed by the 
user, since they are highly solute specific.
\par 
\par This model is presented in:
\par 
\par }{\f9\fs24 Cheryan, M., }{\i\f9\fs24 Ultrafiltration and Microfiltration Handbook}{\f9\fs24 . 1 ed. 1998, Lancaster: Technomic. 527.}{\f9 
\par 
\par 
\par How do I:
\par }{\f9\uldb Pick resistance values?}{\f9 menu_ResParam
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ }{\f9 menu_EmpSurf}}}{\b\f9 Surface Renewal Model}{\f9 
\par 
\par This mode
l is based on the theory that ultrafiltration is too stochastic of a process for valid flux prediction with a simple gel polarization or resistance model.  Instead it uses experimental data and a statistical analysis to determine flux performance.  This m
odel does predict fouling effects, and time dependant effects.  
\par 
\par This model requires two sets of experimental data from the user.  The first data set should be a dead end filtration of the solution through the membrane with ZERO crossflow, and the user sho
uld record flux vs. time data.  This experiment will determine the minimum flux, and the rate of flux reduction.  The minimum flux is mostly sensitive to concentration.  The value for flux reduction is sensitive to pressure and concentration changes.

\par 
\par The 
second data set requires the user to place the module in crossflow filtration mode, and measure the time dependant flux again.  From this data set, the value for surface renewal can be determined.  This value is mostly sensitive to velocity changes - it h
as virtually no dependance on concentration or pressure.
\par 
\par This model is presented in the article:
\par 
\par }{\f9\fs24 Koltuniewicz, A. and A. Noworyta, }{\i\f9\fs24 Dynamic Properties of Ultrafiltration Systems in Light of the Surface Renewal Theory.}{\f9\fs24  Ind. Eng. Chem. Res., 1994(33): p. 1771-1779}{\f9 
\par 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ }{\f9 menu_EmpFoul}}}{\b\f9 Fouling Resistance Model}{\f9 
\par 
\par This model is similar to the resistance model, except it enables the user to predict the relative fouling effects of several fouling mechanisms.  The model is:
\par 
\par J = P / u * (Rm + Ra + Rpp + Rcp)
\par 
\par Where J is the flux, P 
is the transmembrane pressure, u is the absolute viscosity of the solution, Rm is the membrane resistance, Ra is the resistance due to absorptive fouling, Rpp is the resistance due to pore plugging, and Rcp is the operation resistance due to concentration
 polarization.  To determine these values, three experiments are needed, since membrane resistance is typically given by the manufacturer.
\par 
\par First, to determine adsorptive fouling resistance, place the membrane in contact with the solution to be filtered, un
der NO transmembrane pressure.  Three hours should suffice with occasional mild stirring.  Rinse the membrane, but do not wash it.  Now measure the flux of clean water through the membrane at different pressures.  From this, the computer can determine Ra.

\par 
\par Second, measure the flux of the feed solution through the membrane at different pressures.
\par 
\par Third, measure the flux of clean water through the fouled membrane from experiment #2.  From this, and the value for Ra, the computer can determine Rpp.  Using these values, and the values from experiment #2, the computer can determine Rcp.
\par 
\par For more information, refer to the article:
\par 
\par }{\f9\fs24 Dal-Cin, M.M., }{\i\f9\fs24 et al.}{\f9\fs24 , }{\i\f9\fs24 Membrane performance with a pulp mill effluent: Relative contributions of fouling mechanisms.}{\f9\fs24  Journal of Membrane Science, 1996(120): p. 273-285}{\f9 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ }{\f9 menu_EmpGel}}}{\b\f9 Empirical Gel Polarization Model}{\f9 
\par 
\par This is a modification of the }{\f9\uldb Mechanistic Gel Polarization Model}{\f9 menu_MechGel.  It uses the same basic equation for flux, with a few modifications.  First, there is no recirculation in
 the empirical section, and the values for Cg and k are determined with experimental data.
\par 
\par The user is prompted to enter experimental data in the form of bulk concentration vs. flux.  The computer will then determine the best fit values for Cg and k.  These values will be returned to the user in the }{\f9\uldb Empirical}{\f9 
menu_Emp dialogue box.  The user can then use these values in the Empirical dialogue box, or enter them into the mechanistic section for additional analysis.
\par 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ }{\f9 menu_EmpRes}}}{\b\f9 Empirical Resistance Model}{\f9 
\par 
\par This is a modification of the }{\f9\uldb Mechanistic Resistance Model}{\f9 menu_MechRes.  It uses the same basic equation for flux, with one modification: the values for Rf and Rop are determined with experimental data.
\par 
\par The user is prompted to enter experimental data in the form of pressure vs. flux.  The computer will then determine the best fit values for Rf and Rop.  These values will be returned to the user in the }{\f9\uldb Empirical}{\f9 
menu_Emp dialogue box.  The user can then use these values in the Empirical dialogue box, or enter them into the mechanistic section for additional analysis.
\par 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ menu_Mech}}}{\b\f9 Mechanistic Model Variables}{\f9 
\par 
\par The Mechanistic dialogue box has 14 variables, and 8 command buttons, in addition to the 4 radio buttons used to }{\f9\uldb select a flux model}{\f9 menu_PickModel.
\par 
\par 
\par Variables:
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx2610\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 Pressure (kPa)\cell Transmembrane Pressure\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright 
\fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx2610\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Temperature (C)\cell Temperature of the feed solution\cell 
}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Influent Flow (L/h)\cell Volumetric flow of the feed\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Viscosity (kg/m*s)\cell Absolute viscosity of the solution\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Calculate Particle Rejection\cell Check this to calculate particle rejection along with flux\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Particle Radius (microns)\cell Average particle radius\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright 
\fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Concentration (mg/L)\cell Mass concentration\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain 
\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Density (g/cm^3)\cell Density of solute\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright 
\f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Pore Radius (microns)\cell Average membrane pore radius\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Resistance (1/m)
\cell Viscosity independant membrane resistance\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Channel Radius (mm)\cell 
Radius of a single membrane fiber\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Length (m)\cell Length of the membrane fibers\cell 
}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Membrane Area (m^2)\cell Total surface area of the membrane\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx2610\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Recirculation (%)\cell 
Amount of the retentate that is recirculated back to the feed divided by the influent feed flow.  For example, 200% recirculation means the recirculation flow is twice the influent flow\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright 
\fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 
\par 
\par 
\par Command Buttons:
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx2520\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9\uldb Test a Parameter Range...}{\f9 menu_ParamRange\cell 
Allows the user to vary one parameter over a range, and the computer will calculate flux at each point.\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx2520
\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9\uldb Particle Distribution...}{\f9 menu_PartDstb\cell 
Allows the user to enter several particles of different sizes and concentrations for performance prediction.\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright 
\f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9\uldb Predefined Membranes...}{\f9 menu_PreDefMem\cell Allows the user to select membrane parameters from a list of predefined membranes.\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain 
\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9\uldb Additional Parameters...}{\f9 menu_AddMemParam\cell Allows the user to set additional parameters, such as gel concentration, and resistance values.\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Calculate Flux\cell Calculates the flux and the particle rejection (if the user wishes) for the giv
en set of operating conditions.\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Save\cell Saves the current data in an easy to read text file.
\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Help\cell Opens context sensitive help\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx2520\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Done\cell 
Closes the Mechanistic dialogue box\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ }{\f9 menu_AddMemParam}}}{\b\f9 Additional Model Parameters}{\f9  
\par 
\par In this dialogue box, the user can enter the additional model parameters required for flux prediction with the }{\f9\uldb Gel Polarization}{\f9 menu_MechGel and }{\f9\uldb Resistance}{\f9 menu_MechRes models.
\par 
\par Gel Polarization Variables:
\par The user must enter the gel concentration, but can do so in units of mg/L or %.  The user can also select 
a mass transfer coefficient, or let the computer calculate one based on the operating conditions of the system.  These variables are described further on the }{\f9\uldb Gel Polarization}{\f9 menu_MechGel page.
\par 
\par Resistance Variables:
\par The user must enter values for both the Operational resistance, and the Irreversable fouling resistance.  These variables are further described on the }{\f9\uldb Resistance}{\f9 menu_MechRes page.
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ }{\f9 menu_PreDefMem}}}{\b\f9 Membrane Variables}{\f9  
\par 
\par The Predefined Membrane dialogue box has seven variables, and six command buttons.The variables are the same as those described in the }{\f9\uldb Mechanistic}{\f9 menu_Mech dialogue box.  
\par 
\par Commands:
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx1080\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 View\cell 
Takes the membrane highlighted in the list, and brings the variables down for viewing and editing.  Can also be accomplished by double-clicking on a membrane\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd 
\trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx1080\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Create\cell Creates a new membrane with the current variable values\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Remove\cell Removes the highlighted membrane from the list of membranes\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Help\cell Context sensitive help.\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 
\row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Cancel\cell Cancels the operation.\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb 
\cellx1080\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 OK\cell Takes the current values, and returns to the Mechanistic dialogue box, where it will set the newly selected membrane values.\cell 
}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 
\par 
\par The list of membranes is kept in the file "custmem.txt."  This file should not be editied or deleted by the user, only by Uppmem.
\par 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ }{\f9 menu_Emp}}}{\b\f9 Empirical Model Variables
\par }{\f9 
\par This dialogue box has eighteen variables, and five command buttons.  The three variables in the "Customize Model Coefficients" box change values from model to model, since each model has different names for the model coefficients.
\par 
\par Consistent Variable Names
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx1980\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 Concentration\cell Solute concentration, in either mg/L or %\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx1980\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Pressure (kPa)\cell 
Transmembrane pressure\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Temperature (C)\cell Temperature of the feed solution\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Influent Flow (L/h)\cell Volumetric flow of the feed solution\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Viscosity (kg/m*s)\cell Viscosity of the solution (disabled)\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Permeation Time (s)\cell Time that the membrane is in operation between cleanings\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Cleaning Time (s)\cell Time that the membrane is taken offline for cleaning\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx1980\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Determine Flux
\par     with these values\cell Check this if the user wishes to use the customized model coefficients to determine the flux.\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright 
\f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 
\par 
\par 
\par Model Dependant Variable Names
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx2070\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 Min Flux (m/s)\cell Flux for dead end filtration at infinite time\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx2070\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Flux Decline (1/s)\cell 
Rate of flux decline\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Surface Renewal(1/s)\cell Rate of surface renewal\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Ra (1/m)\cell Adsorptive fouling resistance\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright 
\fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Rpp (1/m)\cell Pore plugging resistance\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain 
\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Rcp (1/m)\cell Concentration polarization resistance\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain 
\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Rf (1/m)\cell Fouling resistance\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {
\f9 Rop (1/m*Pa)\cell Operational resistance\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 k (m/s)\cell Mass transfer coefficient\cell 
}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx2070\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 
Cg (mg/L) or (%)\cell Gel concentration\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ }{\f9 menu_EmpEnter}}}{\b\f9 Data Entry Variables}{\f9  
\par 
\par In this dialogue box, the user must enter data in the form of flux vs. "parameter," where "parameter" changes for each model type.  For initial model construction, Uppmem requires the user to enter data in the following form:
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx2340\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 Model Type:\cell Parameter:\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row 
}\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx2340\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Surface Renewal\cell Time\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright 
\fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Fouling Resistance\cell Pressure\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain 
\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Resistance\cell Pressure\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx2340\clvertalt\cltxlrtb 
\cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Gel Polarization\cell Concentration\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain 
\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 
\par In future versions, additional data sets will be able to be entered in different forms.  For now, this is what Uppmem requires.
\par 
\par In addition, the user can select what the units of Concentrati
on will be.  The user must also set the values for the operating conditions under which the experiment was performed.  If additional data sets are required to intially construct this model (for Surface Renewal or Fouling Resistance), the user will not be 
allowed to alter these values for those extra data sets.  
\par 
\par The following commands buttons are also present:
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx810\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 Help\cell Context sensitive help.\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 
\row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx810\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Cancel\cell Cancels the operation.\cell }\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx810\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 OK\cell 
Records the current values, and moves on to the next step.\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\b\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ menu_PartReject}}}{\b\f9 Particle Rejection
\par }{\f9 
\par This additional feature is present for the user to predict how well the membrane will reject particles of a certain size.  Typically, the user enters a }{\f9\uldb Particle Distribution}{\f9 
menu_PartDstb, and then checks the box "Calculate Particle Distribution" in the }{\f9\uldb Mechanistic}{\f9 
menu_Mech dialogue box.  Then, when the user clicks the "Calculate Flux" button, a window appears with the particle distribution in both the permeate and retentate streams.
\par 
\par The particle rejection is simply a function of average pore size, and part
icle size.  Typically, a membrane can reject particles half the size of a pore with significant efficiency.  In operation, this rejection may increase due to fouling layers on the membrane.
\par 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ menu_PartDstb}}}{\b\f9 Particle Distribution
\par }{\f9 
\par This dialogue box enables the user to e
nter in an array of particle sizes and concentrations.  This is most useful when the user wishes to calculate membrane rejection.  The mechanistic flux models, however, cannot predict flux when the solution contains an array of particle sizes, however.  T
herefore, after the user clicks OK, Uppmem will calculate an average particle size.  This average size will be used by the flux models to calculate flux.
\par 
\par The command buttons in this dialogue box are as follows:
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx990\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 Enter\cell Takes the entered values for radius and concentration, and places them in the list\cell 
}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx990\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Edit\cell 
Takes the highlighted particle description in the list box, and places the values in the edit box for adjustment.  Can also be done by double-clicking a particle in the list\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row 
}\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Remove\cell Deletes a particle from the list\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain 
\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 Help\cell Context sensitive help\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {
\f9 Cancel\cell Cancels the operation\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx990\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain 
\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 OK\cell Calculates the average particle size, and returns to the Mechanistic dialogue box with that value for average size.\cell }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright 
\fs20\cgrid {\f9 \row }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ menu_ParamRange}}}{\b\f9 Range of Parameters
\par }{\f9 
\par This option enables the user to calculate the flux for a range of operating conditions.  Pressure, temperature, viscosity, influent flow, and concentration can be varied for up to 20 different evenly spaced values.
\par 
\par The user selects one parameter, the upper bound, the lower bound, and the number o
f steps.  When the user clicks the "Calculate Flux" button, the flux will be calculated for each value.  These values will then be returned in table format in the Range of Flux dialogue box.
\par 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ }{\f9 menu_model}}}{\b\f9 How do I model a membrane?}{\f9 
\par 
\par There are several different ways to model a membrane.  Depending on how much information the user has, s/he can use empirical, or mechanistic models.  If the user has taken experimental data, then one of the empirical models can be chosen:
\par 
\par }{\f9\uldb Surface Renewal}{\f9 menu_EmpSurf
\par }{\f9\uldb Fouling Resistance}{\f9 menu_EmpFoul
\par }{\f9\uldb Resistance}{\f9 menu_EmpRes
\par }{\f9\uldb Gel Polarization}{\f9 menu_EmpGel
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par If the user knows very little about the operating conditions, and has not taken experimental data, then s/he may wish to model the membrane with a less accurate, but still useful, mechanistic model:
\par 
\par }{\f9\uldb Memsys}{\f9 menu_MechMemsys
\par }{\f9\uldb Sond and Elimelech}{\f9 menu_MechSE
\par }{\f9\uldb Resistance}{\f9 menu_MechRes
\par }{\f9\uldb Gel Polarization}{\f9 menu_MechGel
\par 
\par 
\par Each model have different strengths.  The user should read about each before selecting a flux model.  After selecting a flux model, the user should then }{\f9\uldb Select a Membrane}{\f9 
menu_PreDefMem.  If a Mechanistic model is chosen, the user can then enter }{\f9\uldb Additional Model Parameters}{\f9 menu_AddMemParam if necessarry.
\par 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ }{\f9 menu_PickMem}}}{\b\f9 How do I select a membrane?
\par }{\f9 
\par Membrane selection is a complicated process, and it typically
 requires information about the chemical makeup of the membrane and the feed water.  This information is not provided by Uppmem, however membrane manufacturers typically provide guidelines for applications.
\par 
\par Once a membrane material has been selected, the physical characteristics should be input into Uppmem, so that the flux can be calculated using the geometric membrane characteristics, and the membrane resistance. 
\par 
\par It is not always possible to obtain all the information needed.  However, the membrane geometry is needed to calculate the shear rate, the Reynold's number, and to convert from a volumetric flow to a velocity flow.  If not all the membrane information 
is known, keep in mind that this will affect the values for flux.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f9 \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ menu_GelParam}}}{\b\f9 How do I pick a value for gel concentration?
\par }{\f9 
\par Gel concentration is highly solute specific, and its value should be determined with experimental data.  However, val
ues for different operating conditions are present in the literature.  Below are gel concentrations for selected solutions.  For more information on these values, see:
\par }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 
\par }{\f9\fs24 Cheryan, M., }{\i\f9\fs24 Ultrafiltration and Microfiltration Handbook}{\f9\fs24 . 1 ed. 1998, Lancaster: Technomic. 527.}{\f9 
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx3240\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Feed Solution:\cell Gel concentration:\cell }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx3240\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Albumin: Bovine, serum\cell 30%\cell }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      Human, serum\cell 20%\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {
\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Blood Cells: Porcine\cell 35% protein\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      Bovine Ht 0%\cell 13% protein\cell }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      Bovine Ht 30%\cell 18% protein\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      Human Ht 21%\cell 28.7% protein\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Blood Plasma: Porcine\cell 45% pr
otein\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      Human\cell 60% protein\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Carbowax 20M\cell 8%\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Dextran T-500\cell 33.8%\cell }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Egg White\cell 40% protein\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {
\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Gelatin\cell 20-30% protein\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Kraft Black Liquor\cell 30-34% lignin\cell }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Microbial cels: S. cerevisiae\cell 130-450 g/L\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      A. curvatum\cell 300 g/L\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      Erwina carotova\cell 110% w/w\cell 
}\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      E. coli\cell 70% wet cells\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      B. cereus\cell 40% wet cells\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      Brevibacterium\cell 
60% wet cells\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      L. bulgaricus\cell 800 g/L\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      A. niger\cell 205 g/L\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Milk: Skim\cell 20-25% protein\cell }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      Whole, 3.5% fat\cell 9-11% protein\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Pectin\cell 3.8% w/v\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Polyaminoethylene\cell 12.6% w/v\cell }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Polyepichlorohydrin\cell 20-23% w/v\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Prothrombin complex proteins\cell 7.32% w/v\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 
Soybeans: full-fat water extract\cell 10% protein\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      Defatted soy flour extract\cell 20-25% protein\cell }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      Iso-electric soy protein\cell 35-45% protein\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Styrene-butadiene latex\cell 70%\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Wheat starch effluent\cell 5-
10% solids\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Whey: Acid/cottage cheese\cell 30% protein\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      Sweet / cheddar\cell 20-30% protein\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      Sweet / Gouda\cell 
18-20% protein\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      Sweet / Gruyere\cell 25-35% protein\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\trowd 
\trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx3240\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8748\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Xanthan gum\cell 25% w/w\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f9 
\par \page }{\cs17\f9\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs17\super #}{ menu_ResParam}}}{\b\f9 How do I pick resistance values?
\par }{\f9 
\par Resistance values are highly solute sp
ecific, and their value should be determined with experimental data.  However, values for different operating conditions are present in the literature.  Below are resistance values for selected membranes, and solutions.  Resistance values are in units of 
(10^9 Pa*s/m).  For more information on these values, see:
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9\fs24 Cheryan, M., }{\i\f9\fs24 Ultrafiltration and Microfiltration Handbook}{\f9\fs24 . 1 ed. 1998, Lancaster: Technomic. 527.}{\f9 
\par 
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx1663\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx4320\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx5850\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx7380\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8747\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Feed}{\f1\cf1\cgrid0 :}{\f1\cf1\cgrid0 \cell Membrane}{\f1\cf1\cgrid0 :}{\f1\cf1\cgrid0 \cell }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 R}{\f1\cf1\sub\cgrid0 M\cell }{\f1\cf1\cgrid0 R}{\f1\cf1\sub\cgrid0 F\cell }{
\f1\cf1\cgrid0 R}{\f1\cf1\sub\cgrid0 OP\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx1663\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx4320\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx5850\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx7380
\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8747\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Skim Milk\cell Hollow Fiber, PM50\cell }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 0.58\cell 2.5\cell 13.3\cell }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Blood, bovine\cell Hollow Fiber, PVA\cell }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 0.22\cell 0.054\cell 0.58\cell 
}\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Ovalbumin\cell Plate, PS\cell }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 1.8\cell 3.3\cell 33\cell }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 PVP-360\cell }\pard \qr\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 \cell }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {
\f1\cf1\cgrid0 \cell \cell \cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      0.1%\cell Hollow Fiber, P30\cell }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {
\f1\cf1\cgrid0 0.5\cell 1.9\cell 7.9\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      2.0%\cell Hollow Fiber, P30\cell }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {
\f1\cf1\cgrid0 0.5\cell 24\cell 28\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Ovalbumin\cell Plate, PAN\cell }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {
\f1\cf1\cgrid0 4.3\cell 34\cell 28.5\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Ethanol Broth\cell Tubular, Ceramic\cell }\pard 
\qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 0.4\cell 8.3\cell 7.2\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Wheat Starch\cell Tubular, PS\cell }\pard 
\qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 2.5\cell 17.7\cell 9.7\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      Effluent\cell }\pard 
\qr\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 \cell }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 \cell \cell \cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Passion Fruit\cell Hollow Fiber, PS\cell }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 0.97\cell 5\cell 6.8\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row 
}\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0      Juice\cell }\pard \qr\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 \cell }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 \cell \cell \cell }\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx1663\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx4320\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx5850\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx7380\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8747\pard 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 Cheese Whey\cell Hollow Fiber, PM10\cell }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f1\cf1\cgrid0 3.6\cell 20.5\cell 0\cell }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\f9 \row 
}\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f9 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\par }}